fixing links (#694)
dotnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/web-pages/overview/security/using-a-catpcha-to-prevent-automated-programs-bots-from-using-your-aspnet-web-site.md

## Adding a ReCaptcha Test

> In ASP.NET pages, you can use the `ReCaptcha` helper to render a CAPTCHA test that is based on the [ReCaptcha service](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/). The ReCaptcha helper displays an image of two distorted words that users have to enter correctly before the page is validated. The user response is validated by the ReCaptcha.Net service.

Reviewer: Your link is a decent suggestion, but given the audience, this one might be preferable: https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/

![Screenshot of the Captcha test generated by the ReCaptcha service, showing two distorted words and a text field for user verification.](using-a-catpcha-to-prevent-automated-programs-bots-from-using-your-aspnet-web-site/_static/image1.jpg)

> 1. Register your website with the[ReCaptcha service](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/about/). When you've completed registration, you'll get a public key and a private key.

Reviewer: I suggest a slightly different link. This one is referenced on https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/intro, where it specifically talks about signing up for the API key pair:
```suggestion
1. Register your website with the [ReCaptcha service](http://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin). When you've completed registration, you'll get a public key and a private key.
```
